Information:

Players:
Parrot usually plays with moderation. They have a mix of training, claiming, and developing themselves. They traditionally win from combo.
Macaw usually plays aggresively. They train and claim more than they develop but maintain enough to keep alive. They traditionally win from conquering.
Eclectus plays peacefully. They enjoy developing more than fighting, and traditionally win from a high GDP.

Command Information:
Ending the move:
Simply don't do anything on the move, like a "skip turn."

Conceding:
Quit the game!

Attacking:
Attack another square that has been claimed by another power. Depending on
the military power that you have in comparison to theirs with a few random
tweaks, you may or may not take the square.

Training:
Training troops will boost your military power, making it more likely that you will
capture a square that you are going at. It also helps you on the defensive.

Developing:
Tech is a risky investment! You could go big and grow 5K on your GDP, or it could fail, benefiting zero. It's more likely to end up in between.
Education is a solid investment. Depending on the kids grades, you could earn between 1K and 3K.
Infrastructure always works out, but doesn't make a ton. It only gains 1K.

Strategies:
One-Block Explosion:
By not wasting any turns claiming, you can have a robust military and strong economy. However, this makes you an easy target,
and if another tribe gets ahead early, you're basically dead.
Safe Gambling:
Alternate between education, train, claim, until you have a combo victory.
Militaristic Expansion:
Prioritize military over all, and favor it: eg. train, train, claim, dev, claim, train...

Tips:
 - Play tech at the start! You can't lose that much and it's better to get off on a strong footing.
 - If you see Macaw coming near you, train for the next few turns.
 - If your border begins to build up, training would be nice, because if
 the other player has a decent military they could sweep the border and 
 take out multiple squares in quick sucession
 - Be smart! Find a goal at the start and keep it unless another tribe has
 already been screwed over and you can capitalize on it.
 - Skipping turns is not advisable. All it does is wastes time that could be used for 
 development and troops, so you may as well just do it. 
 - Have fun!
